Online Virtual Paradise - Virtual Machine Online
Terms of Service

1. Copyright and paid content
You are allowed to put in your own content that YOU paid for into your
virtual machines. However, if you plan to make it public, you are going
to have to get the machine state verified. Uploading pirated/cracked 
content is illegal, and you will get your account terminated if you
upload illegal content. Legal actions may be taken. It is the
governments law, please make sure to respect others work. 
Copyright content is allowed unless we get a warning from the company
who owns it. Paid content can go by copyright content standards. Freeware
and open source content is completely ok, but still has to be verified.
If you want to get your machine public, but verification is taking too long
or you don't want to wait, you can upload content from our software library.

2. Security - Viruses, malware, and ransomware
This is a big site, and with thousands of operating systems running at once,
we have to make sure everyone is safe. Viruses can spread over the site, and
corrupt other peoples machines, or destroy users computers. Therefore, we have
a'security policy for malicious software.
You can upload your own malware with windows 3.0 and below without any issues.
However, with windows 3.1 and above, your machine will go offline, but your 
account will not go offline if you upload malicious files. Your machine has to 
get verified to run viruses. We have anti-viruses built-in, but they might not
be 100% helpful. We are fine with destruction videos, but we have to take 
pre-cautions. 
However, to prevent long verification wait times, we have a malware library that
can be accessed on your virtual machines at any times, even with windows 3.1 and
above. 
The rules are different with other operating systems
For apple system 6 and above, the system will go offline when you upload files to
wait for verification, but we also have virus libraries for apple too!
The same goes for linux and unix, but is different for each distro. 
Ubuntu: all versions go offline
Fedora: all versions go offline
Redhat: 1.4 and above go offline
Solaris: all versions go offline
Mint: all versions go offline
Gentoo: all versions go offline
Warp: warp 2 and above go offline
Arch linux: all versions go offline
Kubuntu: all versions go offline
Android: all versions go offline
Windows Mobile: all versions go offline
iOS: all versions go offline
Bodhi linux: all versions go offline
Ubuntu MATE: all versions go offline
Deepin: all versions go offline
Mandriva Linux: all versions go offline
Budgie: all versions go offline
Sabayon Linux: all versions go offline
CrunchBang Linux: all versions go offline
Backbox: all versions go offline
ReactOS: all versions go offline
Red star OS: all versions go offline
Pinguy OS: all versions go offline
SolydXK: all versions go offline
NixOS: all versions go offline
Alpine Linux: all versions go offline
Peppermint Linux OS: all versions go offline
Ubuntu Kylin: all versions go offline
Grml: all versions go offline
Kanotix: all versions go offline
Void Linux: all versions go offline
Turnkey Linux Virtual Library: all versions go offline
BasicLinux: all versions go offline
Parsix: all versions go offline
SuperGamer: all versions go offline
Asturix: all versions go offline
LliureX: all versions go offline
aptosid: all versions go offline
TinyXP: all versions go offline
MicroXP: all versions go offline
Windows XP Gold: all versions go offline
Caldera OpenLinux: all versions go offline
Lunar Linux: all versions go offline
KateOS: all versions go offline
AV Linux: all versions go offline
VyOS: all versions go offline
Russian Fedora Remix: all versions go offline
Embedian Grip: all versions go offline
WinLinux: all versions go offline
DNALinux: all versions go offline
HandyLinux: all versions go offline
Sorcerer: all versions go offline
Hikarunix: all versions go offline
Gentoox: all versions go offline
Yggdrasil Linux/GNU/X: all versions go offline
LiMux: all versions go offline
KaeilOS: all versions go offline
Foresight Linux: all versions go offline
Endian Firewall: all versions go offline
Mac OS X: all versions go offline
Windows NT: all versions go offline
Windows Server: all versions go offline
to simplify that, any OS capable of accessing the internet goes online to prevent
malware and ransomware from spreading.

3. Lifecycle and Legal 
We are only allowed to put up operating systems we are legally allowed to use.
For example, we can use ANY OS that ends all support, both mainstream and
extended
For example, if the site was launched in 2012, we couldn't use Windows XP, since
it doesn't end support until April 8th 2014, but we could use windows 2000, since
support ended on July 13th 2010
This rule doesn't apply to open source operating systems like linux, since they
don't cost money. However, even after something ends support, we have to wait
a while to verify it and make sure our site can handle it

4. Data
this is a massive site, and requires a massive server. However, we also want
to offer a great virtual experience. So, you can use up a lot of memory per account
current memory limit: 1 PB
as of the current year, we can offer up to 1 petabyte of memory for all your machines and 
snapshots (1,000,000,000,000,000 bytes) (1,000,000,000,000 kilobytes)
(1,000,000,000 megabytes) (1,000,000 gigabytes) (1,000 terabytes) 
this is A LOT of memory for your machines, but try to be careful, we don't
increase memory very often
after you reach this limit, you have to pay 19.99 per 100 gigabytes, however,
if the limit increases, and you still have free memory, you will get money back
If you were to make only windows 1x, 2x, 2.1x, 3x, 3.1x, and 3.5x machines, you
wouldn't have to worry, you would be able to take hundreds of thousands of snapshots
before you have to reach into your virtual wallet to buy more memory
however, be careful for newer systems
Windows XP 64 bit machines take A LOT of memory per snapshot, up to 16 terabytes
of memory (62.5) 
creating too many full snapshots will fill up all your memory fast, and 100 gigabytes
wouldn't support a single snapshot

5. downloading
you can download machines. That is one of the cool features. If you like a machine,
you can download it as a .vhd .vmdk .iso .vdi .vhd .img .dmg .zip .7z .rar .tar .tgz
however, be careful. If you are a site admin, you CANNOT download unverified machines.
This can result in account suspension, and possible legal consequences if the machine
contains copyrighted content

6. Administration
You can become a site admin, and help us verify machines. You will be rewarded for
this, with XP on your account (not the OS) cash prizes, and more memory for your 
account. You have to do the job right though. There is a multi-step process before
we can release a machine state for verification. If you make an error, that is ok
sometimes, mistakes happen. However, if you frequently overlook content that isn't
allowed, you can get your administative permissions revoked, and earn account
strikes.

7. Setup



